hi friends are 28 days and so good in
This chapter will teach you how to
could I say how to change the subject of
avalanche for example to put another version to
your cell phone apart from the one we already know
what is to be here
and that's how we can put animations
when turning the page while doing this if at
Doing this can put noise
or things like that, let's start but
before I start, I suggest you
den I liked to subscribe in the part of
down
I like it here so if they subscribe
come my videos that I do corridos
good channel the first thing we have to
to do is in the place orchestra that Nestor
is that this application is called go
launcher that will be used for
be able to change your android theme
we are going to open with launcher once
already arrive installed with the woman we are going to
open it to see how it can be
animation
is loading
This laser provided but with my menu
as you will see, the
start presentation as I had already
we had known before for example
this little thing here was here and now
it is on average
while they are new things that you have with
launcher as you will see also changed
the lashes the camera is different
and my files play these settings
also and change minecraft youtube all
and in return and as you will see those of certain
continue to load you're ready to
use
let's see I think it's not ready yet
I hope it loads a little more
I believe that and to the best
I think it's cake
and there it is
ok i 'm going to work a little bit because as
are the application to one of endurance my
cellular because it has many
explanations because we're going to wait for
that is composed well
and at the end it looks like it's a cube
the google wide animation
For example we passed him and he would pass
band-aid as it is already work was a bit
bad this
the writings of four bertero is 7 other
Once there is is circling the
turtle speed we are going to give you the
part of here to see the menu as
is
as you will see, it has changed a lot
that you could say it changes a lot
energy version how we do it
but that continues to provoke a little
and this one that bears to sell it
and as you will see this is different since you
appears to Android search apps and other
more versions for example god that
was talking was a way to
encourage your cell
here we can also change the tone
to the animation we put adjustments
we go to the management part and
transition or transition or transition
horizontal transition and here they are
what ways in which we
we can put a spin we already have this
of wheel we can also put you sphere
let's see how the sphere is
as you will see the spheres as if it were a
world a bowl
is a very father animation which I go
launcher go launcher is free
and here you see the things more than
you can know
is very father that discovered whole to me
I liked it a lot but honestly I
like the thief version more or a little
when I want to open this version
to stop a little good friends and already
when for example they want to remove only
I created you to see I think it's lapacho
let's go here and we have several options
if we want to go something global blanchett
launcher or initiates that are here
that we are going to give him there only once
is erasing everything I did
in the version that we already know as the
healing of the crisis is eight days and
Well, here is the version that
we have
that was all for today friends I hope that
You liked melaque in the part
to subscribe here is the one here and
subscribe here you know if they subscribe
are going to reach my works with your account
from YouTube
are going to have my videos there run
well that was all for another agreement in
the application is called a launcher and already
there is the download that you can see
several various things that the
Voodoo lonche good that was all a hug
goodbye